{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15300\viewh11420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 File: README.txt\
Author: Alex Worland\
Project: CS111 Project 2\
Date: March 8 2016\
======================\

\b Explanation:
\b0 \
	 This application\'92s purpose is to expand the way we think about how files are stored on a computer, and how to better visualize this information. It does this by reading a file\'92s byte values and converting them to MIDI information that the Java Synthesizer class can read. It will then \'93play\'94 the file. The user also has the option to see this data visualized in an image, where instead of MIDI note values and intensities, the byte information is read as RGB color values. For convince, the application can also output a .mid file of the MIDI \'93performance\'94.\
\

\b How to use this program: 
\b0 \
	This program operates by the user entering file names into the text fields. \
		* The first step is to convert your file (non-destructively) into a .txt file of byte values 		   represented as integers. Be sure to include the file extension of the file you want to 		   convert. If the file is large it may take a long time to read the byte values and write them\
		   to a file. If you don\'92t want to wait, you can cancel the operation by pressing the \'93Stop\'94 button.\
\
		* Once the file has been converted, enter the new filename with the added extension 		   \'93.txt\'94 into the second text field.\
\
		* From here you have a few options.\
			* To play the file as a midi directly from the application, press the \'93Play\'94 button. 			   This will send begin a performance of the file you entered into the second 			   text field. To pause/resume or stop the performance, press the 			   corresponding button.\
			* The user can also choose to export the midi performance to a .mid file. This 			   is accomplished by pressing the \'93Export to Mid\'94 button. If the file is too big 			   and the export process is taking too long for your taste, you can cancel the 			   conversion by pressing the \'93Stop\'94 button.\
			* The user can also choose to export the file information as an Image file. \
			   Using the byte data from the given file, the application can generate an \
			   image with each pixel representing three byte values. Once the operation concludes,\
			   the image will be displayed and also written to a file. If the file is large, it may take a long time\
			   to calculate. If you don\'92t want to wait, you can cancel the operation by pressing the \'93Stop\'94 button.\
\

\b Known Bugs: 
\b0 \
	* If a file is too large, the JVM will run out of memory and throw an OutOfMemory error because the JVM ran out of memory during the 	  operation. }